Are there a lot of different types of river cruises in Europe?
There's that many big rivers? I didn't know that.
Oh, that sounds really nice.
Yeah! Oh, that sounds really nice
Oh yeah, yeah, because the river's not that big.
Oh, that's nice. It...haa...
Is it expensive?
Ahaan
Is it like do they sell it by a package where it includes a flyer?
the cruise...
Okay, so that's like just to cruise itself. ok ok
And how long is the average cruise there?
Oh, that's a that's a decent amount of time.
That's a great way to like.. like explore Europe without...
pushing yourself too hard...yeah
Is you're forced to relax...like for the majority of the time?
And then when you get to a place, go fast and hard, and then come back in.
Yeah, that sounds pretty good. Yeah, that sounds fun.
But yeah
But see, I even doing that, I don't know.
hang out with the people in Japan okay it's just that our last cruise
I site on (***) in the family
I don't know. It kind of put a damper on things, you know?
Especially, I want to strangle like kid you're dealing with.
Seriously, when we were at the beach when he was flip-flopping?
I told Sandy at the time I wanted to hit him with the oar I had in my hand
And so you...
Yeah!
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. See, I'm with you totally 100%. Like, if they're freaked out, that's fine.
I'm totally okay with it, but I really hated that whole flip-flopping thing.
Yeah...how that's what annoying me, you know? I don't want to smack them.
Yeah...yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah! Yeah.
Do...Do you think it would have been different like, let's say I was paired with them?
And I just told him in a stern voice, get in there? Do you think that would have made a difference?
you
Ohhh...
Ahaan
Why? He can't swim?
What? I don't understand why he freaked out then.
Because if you know how to swim, even if it flips, which it most likely won't when you're sitting
in it then you're in the water what's the big deal you know
Hmmm
Yeah!
Oh ok
alright
Oh yeah yeah yeah...That's on that's on my list too
Yeah...yeah...thats that one...
Isn't it like the...(***)
the higher north you go the better? so...
I... I really go Alaska